
Reviewing  ch-02 and  ch-03  setup notes; I'll use a stock nextJS setup with typescript option, add jest, test drive it from there, beginning with addition of DaisyUI, probably ```it('renders tx id')``` using many more smaller steps and the [provable commit notation]( https://tinyurl.com/5xz27ftr) to keep me honest. 
```bash
	npx create-next-app@latest
	cd awatch
	npm run dev
```

Success! 

Bob: "I missed the part where you wrote the failing test"

Alan: "thanks, Bob, for the reminder"

```bash
	npm run test
```

amd watch it fail
```
	npm error Missing script: "test"
	npm error
```
No test. Let's fix that now, following NextJS instructions  
```tsx
	npm install -D jest jest-environment-jsdom @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom
	npm init jest@latest
```
And get

    Error: Jest: Failed to parse the TypeScript config file /Users/alanwostenberg/tmp/kata/nextJS/awatch/awatch/jest.config.ts
    Error: Jest: 'ts-node' is required for the TypeScript configuration files. Make sure it is installed

Taking the hint to install this and 2 others I know from prior work:
```bash
	npm install ts-node @types/jest ts-jest
```

And test again
```bash
	npm test
```

I get the error
	No tests found, exiting with code 1

as expected. I have yet to write any test.  Time to do so

Looking over the figma, what's the simplest thing that could possibly?  I'm beginning with user dashboard, so let's render that.  In terms  of file organization,  I'm going to put these excecutable specifications (you might call them tests) adjacent to the page under test. So into src/app I put
```bash
	touch src/app/page.spec.tsx
```
and run the tests. And get a slightly different error.
	FAIL  src/app/page.spec.tsx
	  â— Test suite failed to run
	
	    Your test suite must contain at least one test.

I'll take the suggestion to write the test.
```tsx
describe('dashboard page', () => {
    it.todo('should render the transaction amount');
    it.todo('should render the transaction date');
    it.todo('should render the transaction confirmation status');
    
})
```

and run
```bash
	npm test
```

and watch it pass. Joy!

That's our initial todo list and a commit unit. Using the [notation](https://github.com/RefactoringCombos/ArlosCommitNotation) this is a t1 commit: t=test; 1=1 person at the keyboard. 











	


