
## render the dashboard
I want to pull in DaisyUI. Let's write the test that would make me write the code to do that.

Constructing the first test in ```page.spec.tsx```, the simplest render:
```tsx
        it('renders dashboard headline', () => {
            render(<Dashboard />) ;

            expect(screen.getByRole('heading').textContent).toContain("DASHBOARD")         

        })
```

I get the error ```Support for the experimental syntax 'jsx' isn't currently enabled"```
### jsx puzzler

Why? Probably the ```jest.config.ts``` made [previously](s01-02.md) by ```npm init jest@latest``` is incorrect for nextJS. I could start over with
```npx create-next-app@latest --example with-jest``` but that's a javascript not typescript setup. I copy a known good ```jest.config.ts``` from official [nextjs instructions](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/testing/jest#manual-setup)

Test is now failing to compile for the expected reasons: ```ReferenceError: render is not defined```. Add the import 
```tsx
import {render,screen} from '@testing-library/react';
``` 
and get the next failure ```ReferenceError: Dashboard is not defined```

Add the import
```tsx
import Dashboard from './page';
```

And replace the ```page.tsx``` made by nextJs with the simplest thing that could possibly work:

```tsx
export default function Dashboard() {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>DASHBOARD</h1>
      <Details />
    </div>
  )

}
```

Test pass. Onto DaisyUI. 

### daisyUI

[Daisy UI](https://daisyui.com/) enhances tailwind CSS with numerous pre-built templates and components. 

What test might I write causing me to bring it in for tables? I can't think of what testably distinguishes DaisyUI tables from regular ones, but I can write a general table test
```tsx
        it('renders transaction column headers date, amount and status', () => {
            render(<Dashboard />) ;

  
            expect(screen.getByRole('columnheader', {name:/date/i}));

        })
```

And to get this to pass, following [Lim's instruction](https://www.amazon.com/NextJS-13-React-Crash-Course-ebook/dp/B0CG67TMLX/ref=sr_1_1?sr=8-1), I install daisy
```bash
npm i -D daisyui@latest
```

Add it to the tailwind.config.js under plugins:
```ts
 plugins: [require('daisyui')],
```


And paste a Daisy [table component](https://daisyui.com/components/table/)
tweaking one of the column headers to be *date*. 

Test is passing. 

Because Daisy, remove existing css styles in ```/app/globals.css``` to have just the tailwind essentials
```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;

```
### who's my customer?

I'm leaning on ```npm test``` to see my todo list.
```tsx
    it.todo('should render the transaction amount');
    it.todo('should render the transaction date');
    it.todo('should render the transaction confirmation status');
```

And want to work this one item at a time, most to least valuable. Austrian economists say value is subjective. Therefore to focus on value, I'd need to know who my customer is. 

Meet [Grandpa Bitcoin](personae/grandpa_b.md), who wants to give bitcoin to his grandbaby, Isolde, on her day of birth, for redemption when she turns 18. He deposited funds to a wallet, made a seed plate, and gives it to her dad for safekeeping until she's of age.  

He'd like to provide a url to the address, so dad, and later, Isolde can learn about sound money, without having to standup a wallet of their own, right away. Grandpa plans to give a little with each birthday. So this will be a series of annual deposit-only transactions. (If only Grandpa Bitcoin could by an insurance product to protect Isolde's wealth for 18 years 🤔)

If Isolde's dad, no bitcoin maxi, could know one thing from our data attributes (date, amount, status) what would it be? Amount. Then date. 

So I'll begin there and plumb *amount* through, front-end to back-end service. I'm taking a vertical slice (one data element front to back) rather than a layer (a whole front end with no back end).  There will be mocks. And [zombies](https://blog.wingman-sw.com/tdd-guided-by-zombies)
 
As it turns out, moments later, hands on keyboard, I cannot resist just tweaking the pasted DaisyUI table with hardcoded values for three data elements and three sample rows with values from the figma. Red to green in minutes! Results [here](https://github.com/awostenberg/solid-dollop/blob/bad6c661138efc97b9208acbf6f5ece3c2310171/src/app/page.tsx)

This is the red-green cycle part of TDD, 
and now, while sitting in the comfort and confidence of a green test,
I'm ready for the third part: refactor to Beck's [definition of done](https://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/BeckDesignRules.html)


1. all tests pass?
1. no duplication?
1. fewest elements?
1. no duplication?

It is the end of the first day.
